>> Brian Holt: Now let's go fix this error
that React doesn't know what this is.
What we're going to do, if you don't know,
to stop the serve you hit Ctrl-C.
I think that works on any platform.
You send an interrupt command to it and
say stop this, right?
>> Brian Holt: So here I'm gonna say now
npm install without the D because these
are production dependencies,
react react-dom, like that.
>> Brian Holt: So this is gonna go install
our two packages off of the npm registry.
>> Brian Holt: Take a second
to do that.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, now instead
of going back in my index.html,
I'm gonna delete these two script files.
Cuz I don't wanna load
these off the CD anymore,
I wanna load them off of my
local computer, so delete that.
So all we have is the root and our app.js.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
now we're gonna go back into app.js.
>> Brian Holt: And
we're gonna say up here,
import React from 'react'.
So this is going to import the default
export from the React package, okay?
And we're going to say import and
I'm gonna say  from react-dom.
Now, some of you might not be
seeing this autocompletion here.
That extension is called NPM Intellisense,
which again is here.
NPM Intellisense, right there,
>> Brian Holt: Quite useful.
So import render from react-DOM is
where we want that one to come from.
>> Brian Holt: So I show you this,
I could've just done import without
the curly braces here and
said react-DOM like this.
And now this would work because this
is called reactDOM down right here, but
I wanna show you how to
input the specific thing, so
I wanna import just render from reactDOM.
So this is saying reactDOM has
a specific export called render and
I want you to input just that, okay?
And then down here just erase the render,
so it's just render like that.
So I wanna say this is
similar to destructuring.
It's technically not destructuring,
this is just how modules work.
But this is just saying react-dom
has a specific instance,
export render equals something,
heah, question?
>> Speaker 2: When you're using an import
statement, how do you know whether or
not you should use the curly braces?
Is that just for if you want to
import one specific feature?
>> Brian Holt: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: For
example here from React,
I can actually import specific things.
So like, I cannot actually
just import creed element,
because it specifically exports that,
right?
And then I wouldn't be using, I would
just be using create element like that.
In general, I would encourage you
to do specific exports most of
the time because parcel will do
a thing for you called tree shaking.
It actually uglifies the actual
thing that does the tree shaking,
but what that does is
it's live code inclusion.
So it will only include code
that could ever potentially run.
So in this particular case,
let's say react-dom had 1,000 methods and
we're only importing 1, right,
it would not include the other 999.
If they packaged it correctly which is
a big if because most of them don't.
But like a good example that
would be like low dash right?
Low dash is a huge library
has like 200 methods right?
And you don't,
no one ever uses all 200 methods right?
So what you wanna do with that is you
wanna import just a few methods that you
use and then it won't include
the other ones, right?
That is like the benefit there,
potentially, it doesn't
always work out that way.
>> Brian Holt: For me it just helps me to
be explicit that I know this only uses
render from react-dom.
So what I wanted to get to is,
this actually isn't helpful,
because if you include react-dom
you get the whole thing,
because it's not packaged for
tree shaking.
And then the other thing is that there's
not a lot of wasteful stuff inside
react-dom, so there's not a lot
to tree shake out anyway.
So now if we save this and go back over to
our project, it should still work, right?
So now, you have to run the project
of course, npm run dev, like that.
>> Brian Holt: Once it's finished
building, you can see this looks like a JS
file that's loading,
it's only loading this app.js file.
>> Brian Holt: And
it's not loading anything else,
it's not loading like those
other files from the repo.
So you can see that that reacts now being
included inside of our app.js instead of
being loaded from some other CDN.
And you can see that it's much
larger than it used to be here,
now it's 965 KB instead of being,
like the probably 5 it was before
because it includes React.
Now keep in mind this is the development
environment which means it's massive.
If I patched this for
production it would be much, much smaller.
So don't worry about file sizes until
you actually do the production builds,
so just keep that in mind.
>> Brian Holt: Right now,
this project would probably be 35 KB,
I guess, cuz React is about 32.